[DOCS] Add Overview Section + Gentle Introduction (#8517)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/index.rst

What is Ray?
============

.. include:: ray-overview/basics.rst

Getting Started with Ray
------------------------

Check out :ref:`gentle-intro` to learn more about Ray and its ecosystem of libraries that enable things like distributed hyperparameter tuning,

> reinforcement learning, and distributed training.

Reviewer: Can we *please* put a short code quick start after this?

Author: added one.

What is Ray?
============

.. include:: ray-overview/basics.rst

Getting Started with Ray
------------------------

> Checkout :ref:`gentle-intro` to learn more about Ray to learn
> more about the ecosystem of libraries built on top of Ray to enable things like distributed hyperparameter tuning,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check out :ref:`gentle-intro` to learn more about Ray and its ecosystem of libraries that enable things like distributed hyperparameter tuning,
```

> Reinforcement Learning, and distributed training.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
reinforcement learning, and distributed training.
```

Getting Started with Ray
------------------------

.. image:: https://github.com/ray-project/ray/raw/master/doc/source/images/ray_header_logo.png
Checkout :ref:`gentle-intro` to learn more about Ray or jump to :ref:`overview-libs` to learn
more about the ecosystem of libraries built on top of Ray to enable things like distributed hyperparameter tuning,
Reinforcement Learning, and distributed training.

> **Ray is a fast and simple framework for building and running distributed applications.**

Author: this is largely moved to `basics.rst` where I can inline it into several documents since it's relevant both on the home page as well as the gentle introduction.

> research scientists, and folks that love machine learning. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
researchers, and folks that love machine learning. 
```

Reviewer 2: for some reason I find the word "folks" here off-putting, but don't have a better suggestion
